---
title: Happy New Year 2022
date: 2022-03-24T20:08:40.101Z
description: hMB celebration
tags:
  - LSS
categories:
  - LSS
---
The White Sausage Queen WSQ, ordered a peace of arms and disputes and invited everyone to a grand celebration in her ice palace at the end of the year! Was it an unusual decision, is it a trap, or is it really a quarrel of disputes and there will be a big and showy celebration where the quarrels reconcile and a new era of peace and understanding begins ???
The ice palace was perfectly lit, it played in all colors, the laser show on it showed various animations with the ancient battles of Eden. The servants had been preparing decorations in the inner part of the palace for a week. Chefs from different parts of the world were called. It was the last day of 2021 that the palace played with pleasant chamber music, some heroes have already been housed in the palace a few days early, but most of the guests began to arrive. The guest announcer looked nervously at the prepared materials so as not to make a mistake in welcoming the guests and not forgetting one of the titles.
Our Australian friends came first. The announcer struck the ground three times with a ceremonial bat and shouted, "The noble RockSolid lord of the kangaroo is coming and the ruler of the northern territories, Rock chose a more casual dress code, wore a crocodile hat, a snake-top jacket Accompanied by the beautiful Dreamer, who chose long social lines with a deep neckline, her dress held her lush cleavage only by a miracle!
After them, the announcer told the guest: “The Lord of the Lakes and the whole of the Honored Auditor are coming.
The auditor always wore the official uniform of the Canadian Royal Police, but instead of a classic hat, he wore a beaver skin cap and long sable skin slings over his shoulders.  he became very rich in smuggling alcohol into the United States and later made maple syrup that made him famous. The trick was to let the syrup ripen in old whiskey barrels, which gave it a delicious taste!
The heroes of the island of Avalon came together first The King of the Island EricLeKing was the first of this name!
He came completely naked, he had the Crown on his head and his whole body was oiled and his diamond piercings shone! We later learned that he had chosen "The Emperor's New Clothes" by the well-known Danish designer Hans Christiann Andersen. At his side came the adorable Liberty, who for today's event chose a dark blue tight-fitting dress that exposed the entire leg almost to the crotch, fortunately the growth was nicely groomed) she wore gold high-heeled shoes and a gold crown in black long hair.
Behind them, the inseparable couple Baccon and Flopy, chose a tuxedo with a traditional Scottish kilt and, as always, were in a good mood, loved these pompous celebrations.
A little later, the most dangerous woman, Avaloni, known as Olivia, arrived. She was dressed in a tight-fitting dress that perfectly accentuated her figure with a diamond tiara, a famous whip in her hand, and a black panther on a leash in the other.
Viper, the ruler of the entire Adriatic and Zagreb, also arrived with a slight delay. The tailor-made tuxedo highlighted His tall athletic figure as an Olympic swimmer. Viper did not like these ceremonies, he preferred to be on the battlefield with his army, but the WSQ invitation is not refused.
The domestic delegation of the German nobility was represented by our beloved wild Bavarian Princess Anna, following the example of Princess Sisi, she wore a white beautiful dress, ostentatiously complemented by a massive pearl necklace, and held an inseparable liter of beer in her hand. Her guard was Rodon and Hans Peter,
Both in Prussian ceremonial uniforms with tall black jack boots with distinctive serps and ceremonial daggers.
The guardian of the ford and the landowner Stojda Arrived vested the traditional Central Bohemian costume, embroidered white trousers with a white linen shirt and a black gold-rimmed vest, held a hat with a cock feather in his hand, scolded after a long journey and waited for drinks.
Suddenly tthe music fell silent, DJ Oberpfalzer, a great warrior by the way, released the spectacular fanfares what came to most guests took their breath away with a loud roar, two huge elephants entered, DS Tommy and MVXMVX they rode on the backs of the elephants, and diamonds rained down their backs. rubies, their 100-member procession carrying 25 chests full of precious stones and gold, it was their royal gift to the present guests.
Eventually, everyone present took their seats behind a huge rhombic table, which had a deep groove in the center and displayed a huge vagina as a symbol of the birth of HMB.
Felsa the traveler, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, great linguist and gentleman enters the hall with a scroll to announced  the arrival of our beloved WSQ Lene.
There was a grave silence in the room, all eyes fixed on the incoming Lenw!
She was wearing a pale blue dress with a terribly long veil that perfectly accentuated her alabaster skin, in the play of candlelight it looked like a divine aphrodite coming out of the sea waves!
It's true that she gained a little weight during Christmas, but those three extra pounds made her adorable.
You will find out how the celebration went in the next part of the stories of the hero of the diamond table ...
Of course, the others will also take part in the celebration, who, as already mentioned, arrived at the palace a few days ago and are waiting for their celebrations.
WSQ stood on the steps to look more majestic and began to recap the year 2021! She awarded honors to veterans of the Battle of the Devil's Gorge, and praised the greatest warriors of present-day Eden, who will still receive their rewards. She evaluated the migration to 554 and thanked the new members for trust and strengthening hMB! After the speech, she raised her cup and opened big celebrations with a toast! After the speech, the banquet turned up, only the best dishes from all over the world were eaten, and the alcohol service barely managed to replenish them. Groups began to form and cheerful communication and entertainment began. DJ Oberpfalzer played the biggest hits and the dance floor was immediately filled with dancing!

After hours of celebrations, when most of the guests were intoxicated, Rocksolid ran into the hall, completely naked.

At a closer look, Olivia noticed a big carrot stick out of his ass! A very angry chef runs after him and vigorously grabs the carrot and pulls it out of Rock's ass !!! Rock just whispers "please do it again, it was amazing" !!! At that moment, Olivia's whip whistles and hits Rock exactly on the back, "what's that supposed to mean, who let you?" screams Olivia. "I'm Wild Dingo, the carrot was in the hand of the hare I ate"! Rock answers with a smile, unaware of the gravity of the situation.

"Until the end of the celebrations, you will lie naked and make a table and food will be served on you"! Olivia showed Rock remained motionless and waited for what would follow, but the servants immediately placed a few seafood specialties on him. Most of the evening, everyone avoided this strange table, only HansPeter, a great gourmet, bravely approached and started tasting. "Those scallops are awessome an urgent need for a recipe for my chef," Hans said, eating the whole bowl with great gusto. "Rodon come here, the food is amazing," Haans called to Rodon. Rodon approached uncertainly, picked up the gold fork, and carefully pushed Rock's large kangaroo tail away to reach the Takifugu fish specialties. Cimpel arrived at the party a little late, he had an urgent mission to complete. He looked around the hall for a long time to find the people he was looking for. He stepped forward and stopped at the first table, where Bavarian Princess Anna sat on Stojd's knees and taught him to yodel. There were about 30 empty beer glasses on the table in front of them. Cimpel arrived and asked Stojda what they were doing. "I lost the competition to drink beer so I have to yodel" and started making strange noises. Anny stalls his testicles with his hand so that his voice gets the desired height ... Cimpel smiled and apologized and walked away. Freedom and Kaye danced in the middle of the dance floor, their dance creation was magical, they had perfect rhythm and delicious movements, their bodies intertwined in perfect harmony while taking their breath away. Cimpel pay attention for a moment, nodding his head gently in greeting, but he had responsibilities, unable to join the dance. He walked on next to the tables, at the next table sat the elite commanders, the Great Warriors: DS Tommy, Viper, MVXMVX, DonkiBenee. She loudly told stories from the last battles, they solved the strategy and the compilation of the APC, They were the hammer of hMB, which broke many enemy bases!

At the next table sat our friends with Avalon, King Erik eagerly asked Cimpel "Do you have it for me ???" Cimpel nodded in agreement, " what are you doing, where are your clothes?" Cimpel asked curiously. "This is the latest fashion from Andersen, it will be a big hit of the ball season," replied King Eric. Floppy and Baccon shouted at once, "Cimple sit down, we have great English beer, good gin and we're telling our stories from the forest!" "I'm friends with you for a while, I just have to say something surprisingly," said the departing Cimpel. He finally found the person he was looking for, BC dressed in a Marshal uniform, with a glass of the best gin in one hand and a Marsal scepter in the other behind his back, arguing decently with Dreemer, trying not to look at her big boobs. Cimpel approached them, leaned over BC, and began to say something important to him. Bc nodded in agreement, a smile on his face. “Magnificent everything fit together, the puzzle is complete! by the way, we are sitting in the back by the fireplace, I'll be right there, I'm waiting for you, "BC told Cimpel. Cimpel walked over to the back table, where Nick, the ruler of Scania, Thor, a feared, once-feared warrior who had exchanged his sword for a plow, was now only ist a farmer. Nick noticed saw Cimpel coming. "WTF how dare you," Nick said haughtily, standing up!"Once again, I'm wondering how dare you delay a friend like that?" Nick asked, hugging Cimpel happily. "We're starting to get nervous," everything's ready, "Nick asked. Cimpel nodded "instructions will tell you BC," Cimpel said in one breath, and quickly drank his beer. "What the fuck stinks here, who's fucked here?" Cimpel asked nervously "It's just our herring, which we brought to the beer party, they're delicious," Nick clarified the situation. "Why don't you entertain Fels?" WSQ asked "throw away your worries and have fun" However, Felsa was not in the mood for fun "my cock hurts and I have a big bruise on it, I'm not feeling well" Felsa said sadly. "What the hell happened to my dear Fels?" WSQ asked carefully "I was in the bathroom and, as I'm used to, I started working with a helicopter's cock, but an energetic 130-pound cleaner came to the toilets and hit me on the cock with a huge palm blow, as if she was killing a snake and screaming that she finally caught the phantom who still soils the mirror with drops of urine! ”said Felsa, pouring more ice into his crotch. "Auuuuuuuu, the Auditor and Iceman shouted at the same time, and they began to choke on laughter. They sat next to the Queen so they heard the whole story. For about an hour, they've been hand pushing for each other to find out who the Canadian is, it's probably their national sport, right after hockey. They were both as strong as bears, and the Auditor's hands were made of steel, intensified by the constant manipulation of maple syrup barrels. Iceman was a hunter, a killer of grizzly bears, to which he only used a knife with a knife, so far successfully! WSQ was nervous, her faithful friend Felsa wasn't okay, she didn't like BC secrets and especially the arrogant Cimpel was having fun at the table with Nick. Este still hadn't forgotten that he called her garage jewel "Barbie a car," but the peace of the was she didn't want to make a new conflict and bring old guilt to light! You will soon find out how the heroes will start the new year and how the Nordic saga will end and the stories with Avalon in the next Hero's story from the Diamond Table.